[HAKUYA] This is the Kingdom
of Elfrieden's decision:
We will give back Van to the
Principality of Amidonia
and return to our country.
The conditions
of this return are:
The Principality of Amidonia
is hereby ordered
to pay the Kingdom of
Elfrieden war reparations
for their invasion.
Furthermore, this payment
is separate from monies
negotiated for the return
of prisoners of war.
[JULIUS]
Answer me, Jeanne!
What is the meaning of this?
[JEANNE] You wanted your
lands returned to you,
and that's exactly what I did.
Is this your idea of a bad joke?
You know how paying
reparations will look?
As if our nation's
admitting defeat!
[JEANNE] I'm afraid that's
unavoidable since that is
what happened.
You did lose your capital,
after all.
[JULIUS]
You're wrong!
We haven't been defeated yet!
We just had one of our cities
conquered, that's all!
[JEANNE] In that case,
the empire withdraws from
this mediation and
will play no further role.
By all means, go to war
or take whatever action
you desire.
As I recall, you couldn't
reclaim Van without asking
for the Empire's help.
Deny it all you want,
you have lost.
Serving as head of
the Mankind Declaration,
the empire has now considered
this dispute settled.
Van has been returned, now pay.
But... General!
Paying them reparations will--
And you should know,
my sister, Empress Maria,
is terribly saddened
by this whole affair.
The Declaration cannot overlook
this act of aggression,
or the attempt to justify such
actions through the treaty.
As I said, the battle
was Gaius's call.
[JEANNE] Even so, to ensure
other member nations will not
follow your example and attempt
similar military action,
severe punishment is required.
Your nation will serve
as a precedent.
[JULIUS]
I see. And what if we refuse?
Then the empire will
withdraw its support
and we will expel Amidonia
from the Mankind Declaration.
Huh? But that is
just utter madness!
You can't expel a
signatory on a whim!
[JEANNE] As I mentioned earlier,
you instigated this act
of aggression using
a broad interpretation
of the Mankind Declaration.
If we permit that,
there will be other countries
who might try similar actions.
And knowing my sister, Maria,
she will not look kindly
upon those who do.
[SOUMA] The Principality of
Amidonia is surrounded on
four sides, each by
a different nation.
If they lose the protections of
the Mankind Declaration now,
they could get preyed upon
by the other three countries.
During his reign, Gaius the
Eighth protected the country
on the northern and southern
borders by flexing
his military might.
One could argue he was able to
maintain a sense of diplomacy,
albeit in his own style.
The question is whether Julius
possesses the same acumen.
[JULIUS]
Your mediation plan is accepted.
A wise choice, Julius.
A deal's been reached.
Now that's settled,
let us begin negotiating
a specific amount.
The Kingdom of Elfrieden
requests two years' worth
of the Principality of
Amidonia's annual budget.
Of course we do not
intend for you to make
this payment all at once.
Rather over the next ten years.
Also, these payments are to
be made in imperial coinage.
[JULIUS] Two years' worth
of our annual budget?
What makes you think
I'd ever agree to such
an exorbitant amount?
[JEANNE]
Were you listening?
Did you miss where
they said it's to be paid
in imperial coinage?
If you refuse them,
it won't concern us.
However, I think you should
be aware, by doing so,
the city of Van won't
be returned to you.
More than 50% of
Amidonia's annual budget
goes toward the military,
so if we're taking 20%.
We want to deprive him of what
they used to spend on them.
Will Julius be able to
scale that back, though?
If I may ask, Jeanne,
what if one of the payments
becomes overdue?
[JEANNE] Then the empire will
support the Kingdom of
Elfrieden's bid to annex Van.
While I believe you are a person
of great integrity, Julius,
it's still conceivable that
someone in your court
could end up delaying payment.
Which is why I would
like some collateral.
That's interesting.
What exactly did
you have in mind?
A Gemstone to make
future broadcasts.
Huh? We have only one
in the entire country!
Wait. You're planning
to incite the people!
[SOUMA] All you would have to
do is change the receivers'
frequencies, right?
After that, you would
prevent them from receiving
any transmissions
from Elfrieden.
[JULIUS]
Even though that is true...
[SOUMA]
Before you protest--
I want to be forward and say
I don't think the Gemstone
is enough collateral.
To make up for the shortfall,
I'd like to take possession
of the books in
the castle's library.
Ha! Why didn't you just say so?
Take all the dusty relics
off our hands you want.
[SOUMA]
Very well.
All right. Let's put other
matters before us to bed.
You're holding several
of our soldiers captive.
I demand they be freed
as part of the arrangement!
Fine by me.
But for knights, or for
any higher ranking,
and nobles you will
pay a ransom.
Furthermore, after your
country invaded ours,
we launched an investigation to
uncover those who committed
war crimes and compiled
a list of those individuals.
We cannot consent to
turning over any captives
whose names are on the list.
I agree to your terms.
Among the criminals listed
there, we request those
who remain in your country
be turned over to us.
As soon as that
handover is completed,
we will begin returning
your prisoners.
Among the captured,
is there a "Roroa"?
Roroa? Is that an
acquaintance of yours?
[JULIUS] She shares the Amidonia
name and is my unworthy sister.
You have a sibling?
I heard before the fighting
broke out, she fled,
along with other
influential bureaucrats.
All right, then.
We can search for her
on our end, if you'd like.
[JULIUS]
Not necessary.
[LISCIA] He's trying to prevent
any dispute over his succession
to the throne.
[SOUMA]
Huh?
Despite being one of
his few relatives left
now that Gaius is
no longer around...
It's not uncommon among royalty.
Even in the
Kingdom of Elfrieden,
there was an awful
successorship struggle,
at least until my
mother took the throne.
I'm sure it's a reality.
I only wish it wasn't.
In my view, as someone
without a family,
I couldn't imagine not
wanting to take care of my
one and only sister.
One last matter,
concerning General Margarita,
we would like to have
her remain in the kingdom.
[JULIUS] You want General
Margarita Wonder?
If you will release five of the
noblemen you are holding
without any ransom, then we
will gladly accept your offer.
[JEANNE]
I won't interfere.
But from what I understand,
she worked alongside
the kingdom after
the occupation.
In my opinion, you could have
driven a harder bargain.
Giving her up in exchange
for a mere five noblemen
is unwise.
[SOUMA]
Very well. We accept your terms.
[JULIUS] She's served as a
competent general, but why,
out of all my officers,
choose her specifically?
Someone who only judges people
based on their military value,
wouldn't understand.
[SOUMA] So, in exchange
for returning Van,
Elfrieden receives compensation.
A very generous
amount, actually.
As for you, in return
for paying reparations,
you get your capital back.
Furthermore, as acting
mediator in this dispute,
the empire has
demonstrated a fair approach.
I am satisfied with
the result, for now.
There's only one
satisfied party here!
You've crippled our country!
If you'll excuse me!
[SOUMA]
Before you go...
Now what is it?
Where I come from,
a famed political thinker
named Machiavelli
said the following:
"Power acquired
through difficulty
you'll keep with ease.
Those who acquire it
without keep it
with immense difficulty."
Hm? What does that mean?
[SOUMA] When I defeated
you and took Van,
I purged all the nobles.
Not only them,
but your knights too,
and any other potential
political opponents.
All on my own merits.
So even if I were to somehow
continue governing Van,
I wouldn't have very many
obstacles in my way.
But you, that's
a different matter.
When you return to power,
will you be able to govern
without incident?
You forget, this was
my city to begin with!
Just one moment!
This is your land but
you didn't win it back.
You relied on the empire, an
outside force, to reclaim it.
Machiavelli called it "acquiring
power without difficulty."
But that's not all.
He also said the following:
"One who becomes a prince
without hardships
must exercise great
effort to remain so."
Julius, I suggest directing
your efforts to helping
--the people of--
--Who asked your opinion?
[JEANNE] I wonder what the
people of Amidonia will think.
When he resumes control over
a city he couldn't take back.
He was a fool to ignore
your warning, Souma,
but what else is new?
We weren't here for very long,
but now that we're leaving,
I'm going to miss the city.
Remaining in Van would have
been a waste of funds.
Not to mention a waste of time.
Several issues within our
Kingdom remain unaddressed,
Your Majesty.
[SOUMA]
Yeah, yeah, I'm well aware!
Is it just me, or do most of
the citizens look downtrodden?
Huh?
They're probably
anxious about falling under
Amidonian reign again.
Even though everything
will go back to the way
they remember it being?
[SOUMA] Precisely why. They
were living under oppression.
That's what they
came to expect daily.
However, when they were
under the occupation
of the Kingdom, they learned
that there was more
to life than tyranny.
[LISCIA]
That is true.
You allowed them the freedom
to express their thoughts
and feelings, and
without repercussions.
[SOUMA]
Exactly.
They're anxious whether
or not they're coming
under an age of dictatorship
all over again.
And more than likely,
that will be the case.
Knowing Julius, he'll crack
down on the relaxed mood
they've adopted.
Now that they've finally
gotten a taste of what
freedom's like they can't
go back to their old lives.
Almost like an addiction.
[SOUMA] Fair point, and I
understand where you're
coming from, but I wish there
was a better comparison.
[LISCIA]
It's true, isn't it?
Still, it's not that easy to
change the entire mindset
of a nation.
Back in the world
where I come from,
we have a saying that
goes, "Tyranny is more terrible
than tigers."
[LISCIA]
I don't quite understand.
Could you explain it?
It means that an oppressive
government is fiercer
than a man-eating tiger.
To the citizens of Van, yes, we
might have been invading tigers.
But in no way were we tyrants.
And now that they know their
old way of life's returning.
Strange how the more
I walk by your side,
the more I see how people
react during harsh times.
Had all you can stomach?
--Not even close! Bring it on!
--No way! Bring it on, sire!
What's gotten into you
all of a sudden?
[AISHA chuckles]
No path walked with His
Majesty is ever too difficult!
You know I feel
the same way, right?
I promise. I'll travel any road
as long as it's with you.
I get nothing but hardship,
but that's normal.
[SOUMA]
Uh, you're welcome?
[AISHA, LISCIA laugh]
[JEANNE] Sister, I have returned
from Amidonia's capital city
of Van.
I'm relieved to see
you're home, Jeanne.
So, how did everything go?
There was a little bit of
trouble, but for the most part,
things turned out
the way we hoped.
I'm pleased to announce
the return of Van
to the Principality of
Amidonia is complete.
Just as planned.
Thank you for your efforts.
Well done.
Now, that is enough
of this talking shop!
I beg your pardon?
Welcome home, my dearest sister!
Where's this coming from?
Such inappropriate
behavior for an empress!
Do you have any idea how
lonely I was not being able
to see my sweet sister's
face for so long?
You know how everyone
outside of family treats me
like the empress, and our other
sister just stays cooped up
inside her laboratory,
the same as always!
[JEANNE]
Don't give me that!
You're not a child anymore!
[MARIA]
Aww...
So, tell me everything!
Just what kind of man
is this King Souma?
Well, he is unique.
Stop holding back already.
He keeps a bed in his office.
Then again you do the same,
so that's nothing new.
Go on!
First of all,
Souma is well aware of
the empire's intentions
and doesn't bear us
any ill-will regarding
the hero summoning.
[MARIA]
Thank goodness.
What's more,
he's very intelligent.
He says where he comes from,
these things are
common knowledge,
but comes up with one
innovation after another.
Using Gemstones for
media broadcasts?
I never would have
thought of that.
That's his intention
for using the Gemstone?
And this is the best part
so prepare yourself.
Since he's from
a different world,
he actually wondered aloud
if the relationship between
monsters and demons here
was no different than
animals and people!
What? Surely he
wasn't being serious!
Are monsters and
demons the same,
the way that animals
and people interact?
I confess, I've never
thought about it that way.
After you hear how
he sees the world,
you can't help but wonder
how different his view is
from ours.
It seems so.
Also, he proposed a
secret alliance with us.
He wants us to work together?
Indeed.
During discussions, Souma
promised that he'd work
with the empire as long as
you aimed to unite mankind.
Additionally, in the event
an invasion should occur,
the empire would defend
an attack from the west.
While the kingdom
would be responsible
for defending the east.
[MARIA laughs]
You're laughing?
I do not see how any of
this is humorous, Maria!
[MARIA laughs]
I'm sorry, sister!
But how can I not?
Would you care to explain?
[MARIA] It wasn't that long ago,
we had to show Elfrieden
special consideration as their
kingdom was facing its decline.
Then all of a sudden,
we're such good friends,
we can entrust the safety
of the whole eastern half
of the continent in their hands.
[MARIA] It's such a reversal,
you would think a fairy
cast a spell of illusion.
I'm sure of one thing.
Recent events have been
moving at a dizzying pace.
Yes. Truly they have, Jeanne.
Say, do you remember,
specifically, what it states
a hero is supposed
to do for the kingdom?
[JEANNE]
It was in the report.
"One who will lead the
revolution into a new age."
[MARIA] And yet, nothing
about ruling the world,
or being the one who will
defeat the Demon Lord.
Yeah, good point.
But it just doesn't feel right
assigning him that title yet.
When you consider all
of the hectic changes
we've seen lately, indeed,
it feels like a revolution
is happening.
This Souma is more
fascinating than I thought.
Ah. I can't wait to communicate
with him directly.
And here I was just thinking
you weren't going
to come out with us tonight.
Well of course he would
make an appearance!
After all, he is a
fellow adventurer.
I thought you said
you just ran into him
at the guild, Juno.
You sure you didn't twist his
arm to get him to show?
Adventurers one and all!
Welcome to Parnam Castle.
As you may know,
I am the fiancée of King Souma.
Liscia Elfrieden.
It's an honor.
I am here tonight
in place of Souma,
who was unable to attend
due to his hectic schedule.
He's asked me to
say a few words.
I want to thank everyone
of you very much
for taking on
this latest request.
Because of your efforts,
countless of our people's lives
have been spared.
On the absent King's
behalf, but also,
the people of the kingdom,
I extend our thanks.
We are in your debt.
And with that, a toast!
[ADVENTURERS]
Cheers!
Hey, slow down there, Augus!
Would you mind leaving
a little tatsuta-age
for the rest of us?
So I've been doing some
thinking about what happened.
Listen up.
There's a real good chance that
whole flame pierrot scare
was just made up, so--
Do me a favor and don't
be such a party-pooper.
These octopus
skewers are delicious.
Open and say "ahh."
[DECE]
My mouth's already full!
For crying out loud.
Are you drunk already, Julia?
[JULIA]
What if I am?
This is a benefit banquet
for adventures
hosted by the kingdom, isn't it?
[JUNO chuckles]
[JUNO]
Here's yours.
As a member of the party,
you have to celebrate
with the rest of us!
You better drink up, or am
I'm gonna hafta serve it
to you mouth-to-mouth?
Okay then.
Let's down as much
as we can tonight!
Juno's right.
You're one of us now!
So pull down that mask
and drink already!
A mug for each one
of your party members!
Yeah! It's on us!
[JUNO]
Whoa, you okay, Master?
Should've told us you
were a lightweight.
Gimme a sign if you can hear me.
[LISCIA]
Pardon. Coming through.
[JUNO] Aren't-- aren't you
P-Princess Liscia?
[LISCIA sighs] Congratulations.
You almost gave yourself away.
I'll take over from here.
[JUNO]
Uh... Huh?
What's wrong?
Is there something on my face?
'Cause I'll die of
embarrassment.
No, It's nothing.
A pleasure to meet you.
Please, enjoy the rest
of the evening.
[JUNO]
Huh?
Could you make the room
stop spinning, please?
[LISCIA] If you didn't
want to get found out,
why'd you join them
in the first place?
You even hid inside
your costume.
[SOUMA]
What other choice did I have?
I need to socialize
occasionally, you know.
By the way, was that
Juno back there?
She's pretty cute,
don't you think?
There's nothing going
on between me and her
if that's what you mean!
Well, I wasn't really
asking, but thanks for
letting me know, all the same.